What's going on? It's all because of you that I'm like this today. But don't, it's you who's like this today.
Take it from yourself, if you are not worried about giving me something, you are just born to sell, and you don’t know
Yu Luo's rope, I can't do it. You are a college student. You are not weak at all times. What's wrong with you, a college student?
Didn't you say it yourself? You are the one who laughs last. Obviously, you are a junior sister.
What are you talking about? You are just a toe. What are you doing with us on the road? It's more important than that.
Ah, you and your shameless uncle have been fired. You are the boss of the machine department?
Gu Duan has been fired from the company because of his conduct.
its position comes from a colleague who has sex
Shen Zhihan is in charge
And according to Lu Zong’s wishes
Shen Zhihan is also responsible for his personal affairs and the Shen Zhu case.
Your office is already planned
you can bring your office supplies
Just press this button together
I'll clean it up. Shen Zhuhan, please put it down.
We can help you collect it. Yes, it’s quite old.
what should we do
If you don’t do it right away, Shen Zhuwi will be punished.
We were sorry for what happened in the past
But we were all attracted to that Zhang Xingqiao at that time
deceived
Don't blame us
Yeah yeah
We all thought there was Mr. Lu Chengyao behind him
He dares to fight you and him
Who knew this person would be so bold?
How dare you pretend to do something like this?
It's our ignorance
It's all our fault
I didn’t know that the future rich lady would be you.